hello it's Ruby and welcome back to
another vlog today is the day before we
break up for Easter so the penultimate
day of the tan and it is currently 5:30
and I decided that I would vlog this
evening so staying as it is nearly the
end of term I have decided that this
evening isn't going to be massively
focused on studying I know it never
really is for me on the day before we
break up
this was my things to do before the
Easter holidays begin and I did this one
and I did this one and I did this today
I hope so I've got one thing to do for
chemistry which I don't think I'll
actually do before Easter is not that
important and then these three things
the things I do want to do this evening
which is my flashcards for both gender
topics for theology and also these
Marxism and Liberation Theology
flashcards and then for English very few
things which I didn't manage to do and
which I won't be able to get done but
that's okay I'm gonna try to the wall
critics
you
there we go it is 6:06 and I've just
finished my liberation theology and
Marxism flashcards see seem to take me
such a long time
so I decided not to do the flashcards
for gender because I haven't actually
written essays for these two yet so I'm
going to write those maybe on the first
or second day at the Easter holidays and
then I can make the flashcards using
those so I did just write an exemplar
introduction and I added that to a
Quizlet card and that ended up taking me
about half an hour because I went
through all of my notes and made sure
that I can make a really really strong
introduction so that's what I've just
done and now it's half past I've got
half an hour till we need to leave I do
want to get change soon but first or I'm
going to watch a few clips on YouTube
so it's now seven and we are just going
to head to school to go and watch the
performance I'm really excited to see it
as I said and I will check in afterwards
three syllables amazing that production
was incredible well done to everyone who
is a part of that if you are watching
this video because the audience was so
impressed at my parents of growth coring
as well we're holding a pink day
tomorrow which is for breast cancer
awareness and you're allowed to wear one
item of pink with your normal school
uniform so I've decided that I'm going
to wear this pink dress with my normal
school blazer and the normal school
shoes look at that we've got a lovely
downpour of rain
[Music]
I apologize but I was very inconsistent
in this vlog I wanted to make a very
interesting vlog about my last two days
of term but it didn't end up being that
interesting
I didn't even film after this so I am
here writing some annotations on an
essay which I recently wrote for Marxism
and after that I wrote an essay plan
without notes just to see how much I
could remember of the topics I did study
for maybe another two hours after that
but I didn't study all evening because
my parents sister and I spent much of
the evening together and we decided to
watch some episodes of The Simpsons so
thank you for watching I'm sorry how
terrible this vlog was but I hope you
have a productive week